Oh, boy, hopefully your head didn't explode from all these lectures, we're going to keep our slides,
lectures to a minimum from now and actually get into coding, actually practicing with react native
because at the end of the day, that's how you get better.
But I do have one question to ask you.
One exercise based on what we've learned up until now and hopefully you can answer it, is their success
in React Native?
Pause the video and think about it is their success and success, hopefully everybody knows is a way
to style your Web apps, your Web pages.
But is there success and react native?
Is there a way for us to style things on mobile with react native?
Ready for the answer?
Technically, no.
Technically, there is no success and react native because remember, we're not on the Web sites and
HTML are for the Web, right.
Riak native instead uses native mobile tools.
So the success that we use in Riak native is actually built through JavaScript.
It's based on the syntax, but a little bit different.
If we go to the style section.
Of the React Native Dock's.
You see that with react native, you style your application using JavaScript and that all core components
except a prop name style.
So although they've mimicked how styles work on CSFs, they're small differences like using JavaScript
case instead of the dashes that we see with CSFs properties, and we also have things like stylesheet
the stylesheet class that react native gives us for us to create stats.
But there's a few things like not having pixels because, again, it just natively creates the views
for us.
So if we go to height and with you see that it has something called fixed dimensions.
All dimensions and react native our unit lists and represent density, independent pixels, essentially
a way of saying that it just figures out the best way to display things on the screen based on the screen
dimensions.
The other thing it does is that for layout A uses flex box automatically, so although it's very, very
similar to success, technically is just all JavaScript because we're in the mobile world, not the
Web world.
Hopefully you got that in hopefully because of the previous lessons.
This all makes sense.
I'll see in the next one, Papy.